docs: add how to configure the correct etc hosts file with cloudinit CRD (#1062)
harvester/docs: docs/host/host.md

    ```
    systemctl restart rancher-system-agent
    ```

## Update /etc/hosts Configuration

> By default, Harvester writes `127.0.0.1 localhost {hostname}` in `/etc/hosts`. This configuration can cause the `hostname -f` command to return unexpected results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harvester writes `127.0.0.1 localhost {hostname}` into the `/etc/hosts` file by default. Because the specific hostname is mapped directly to the loopback address, commands such as `hostname -f` may return unexpected results.
```

> To resolve this issue, you can use a CloudInit resource to automatically configure the `/etc/hosts` file with the correct host mapping.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To resolve this, you can use a CloudInit resource to automatically configure the `/etc/hosts` file with the correct host mapping. You can customize the following template to meet your specific requirements.

```yaml
apiVersion: node.harvesterhci.io/v1beta1
kind: CloudInit
metadata:
  name: fix-hostname-hosts
spec:
  matchSelector: {}
  paused: false
  filename: 99_fix_hostname.yaml
  contents: |
    stages:
      network.after:
        - name: fix-hostname-hosts
          commands:
            - |
              FQDN=$(cat /etc/hostname | tr -d '[:space:]')
              SHORT=$(echo "${FQDN}" | cut -d. -f1)
              NODE_IP=$(ip addr show mgmt-br 2>/dev/null | awk '/inet /{print $2}' | cut -d/ -f1 | head -1)
              [ -z "$NODE_IP" ] && exit 0
              sed -i 's/^127\.0\.0\.1.*/127.0.0.1 localhost/' /etc/hosts
              awk -v fqdn="$FQDN" -v short="$SHORT" '{for(i=2;i<=NF;i++) if($i==fqdn || $i==short) next}1' /etc/hosts > /tmp/hosts.tmp && mv /tmp/hosts.tmp /etc/hosts
              echo "${NODE_IP} ${FQDN} ${SHORT}" >> /etc/hosts
```
````

Reviewer: Placing the code block here makes more sense because the following information requires familiarity with the script's contents.

The following template performs these actions:

1. Retrieves the fully qualified domain name (FQDN) and extracts the short hostname
1. Retrieves the node's IP address
1. Replaces the default `127.0.0.1 localhost {hostname}` entry with `127.0.0.1 localhost`
1. Adds a new entry in the format: `{node IP} {FQDN} {short hostname}`

:::note

This template uses the `network.after` stage, which requires a reboot. If you have other custom CloudInit resources using the same stage, ensure they don't conflict. CloudInit files are executed in alphabetical order by filename. 

Alternatively, you can use the `reconcile` stage, which runs 5 minutes after boot and then repeats every 60 minutes.

If you don't want a reboot, you can create a CloudInit CRD first, then run the commands by yourself. This ensures that the runtime configuration is changed and preserved in the next reboot.

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template uses the `network.after` stage, which applies changes after the network initializes. A reboot is normally required to ensure these changes are safely applied to all active system processes. However, if immediate node downtime is not possible, or if you can tolerate a brief delay, you can choose an alternative deployment method.

| Deployment option | CloudInit Stage | Operational Impact | Required Action | Behavior |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Standard boot | `network.after` | Reboot required. | Ensure the resource's filename will not override other configurations in this stage. | CloudInit files are executed in alphabetical order. |
| Live deployment | `network.after` | No immediate reboot required. | Apply the resource and then manually run the script commands on the node. | The configuration is immediately applied to the live runtime and persists across future reboots. |
| Periodic reconciliation | `reconcile` | No reboot or manual action required. | None | The script automatically runs 5 minutes after boot and repeats every 60 minutes. |
```

Reviewer: Using a table can help users evaluate their options more quickly.

You can customize this template to meet your specific requirements.

```yaml
apiVersion: node.harvesterhci.io/v1beta1
kind: CloudInit
metadata:
  name: fix-hostname-hosts
spec:
  matchSelector: {}
  paused: false
  filename: 99_fix_hostname.yaml
  contents: |
    stages:
      network.after:
        - name: fix-hostname-hosts
          commands:
            - |
              FQDN=$(cat /etc/hostname | tr -d '[:space:]')
              SHORT=$(echo "${FQDN}" | cut -d. -f1)
              NODE_IP=$(ip addr show mgmt-br 2>/dev/null | awk '/inet /{print $2}' | cut -d/ -f1 | head -1)
              [ -z "$NODE_IP" ] && exit 0
              sed -i 's/^127\.0\.0\.1.*/127.0.0.1 localhost/' /etc/hosts
              awk -v fqdn="$FQDN" -v short="$SHORT" '{for(i=2;i<=NF;i++) if($i==fqdn || $i==short) next}1' /etc/hosts > /tmp/hosts.tmp && mv /tmp/hosts.tmp /etc/hosts
              echo "${NODE_IP} ${FQDN} ${SHORT}" >> /etc/hosts

> ```

Reviewer: Please remove these lines.
